# Modify a subscription from email and SMS

1-Click actions are unique and secure URLs you can send to your customers through email and SMS messages. When clicked on, they will perform a specific pre-determined action such as reactivating a churned subscription.

If a customer wants to resubscribe to a subscription, normally they would have to find your Subscription Manager on the store homepage, log in, locate the subscription, and click to reactivate it; or go through checkout again. With 1-Click actions, you can cut down all of those steps to just one: clicking on their unique URL.

***

## 1-Click URL syntax

1-Click actions piggyback off of Ordergroove’s API, so all of the URLs will look similar:

```Text URL
https://<STORE_URL>/#og_quick_action=&lt;ACTION&gt;#og_quick_action_token=&lt;TOKEN_STRING&gt;
```

* \<STORE\_URL>: Your store’s homepage or a different landing page you want to direct customers to
* \<ACTION>: The action that you want to perform, taken from the list below
* \<TOKEN\_STRING>: Generated by Ordergroove and stored in Klaviyo

***

## Available 1-Click Actions

The following is a list of all available 1-Click Actions along with an example URL. 1-Click Actions is under active development, and this list will grow as we build out the program.

### Delay Shipment

Delays a subscribers upcoming shipment by 14 days. The number of days to delay can optionally be overwritten as a URL parameter.

* **Action**: delay
* Sample Code (w/ on-site confirmation via Ordergroove JS):

```Text URL
https://<STORE_URL>/#og_quick_action=delay#og_delay_by={{days}}#og_quick_action_token={{event.action_token}}
```

* Sample Code (via API):

```Text URL
https://restapi.ordergroove.com/one_click/delay/?days={{days}}&token={{event.action_token}}
```

### Reactivate Subscription

Reactivates a customer’s subscription. The first order date is set to the next day. The customer will get charged the next day, and will resume all previous subscription settings such as frequency and quantity.

* **Action**: reactivate
* Sample Code (w/ on-site confirmation via Ordergroove JS):

```Text URL
https://<STORE_URL>/#og_quick_action=reactivate#og_quick_action_token={{event.action_token}}
```

* Sample Code (via API):

```Text URL
https://restapi.ordergroove.com/one_click/reactivate/?token={{event.action_token}}
```